Welcome back.
It's time for us to write a nice continuous integration config file so that we're actually doing something
meaningful here.
The first thing I'm going to do is let's have a the first shop called Build and this build will use
a daquiri image and I'm going to use since in our project we're using node.
I'm going to use the circle C.I. node eight point nine and you can find out what kind of circle see-I
images you can use.
You just go to Dr. Hobb and search for circles.
Yeah.
But I'm going to keep node a point.
Even though Ruby works as you just saw.
Now the next thing I'm going to do is for the steps I'm going to say check out the repo and I wanted
to run instead of just echo.
Or we can leave this here we're going to say and PM and stalling and we're going to add another line.
Another run that is going to actually run and PM install because remember NPM Insall means it will check
all the packages.
Make sure that everything can be installed and then finally once we have run NPM install on their server
we have all the files necessary for Robur France project.
I'm going to say run and I'm going to give it to an external environment or environmental variable.
We're going to just say circle see-I equals to true.
And this is not going to do anything right now.
But in our project if we had some if statements or some conditions that we want to execute if we're
running the code incircle C.I. we can do that this way.
And then I can just say NPM.
Bill Because remember create re-act app is going to throw any errors for us if this isn't working and
if NPM rom built succeeds well that means we can build our project.
That's probably the most important job we can have that is to build the next one is perhaps test.
We want to test our code and actually run our tests.
If I do and PM test here we want to make sure that yeah I can test that on my local environment.
But just in case I forget to run these things.
Let me read that again just in case I forget to run these.
Every time I make a poor request automatically Circle C is going to test this for us so that somebody
on my team won't even check my pool request unless all the tests pass and this way we make sure that
if my modifications made somebody else's tests fail.
I know that I need to fix them so in the test I'm again going to use the Noad a point nine image
and the steps I'm going to take with this one will once again be to run NPM install and I'm going to
leave the run here and just say
testing stuff.
And then the next NPM run is going to be NPM test
nice and easy.
You know what just for fun.
I don't want to add a completely meaningful test or meaning less test and you can imagine here you can
add any type typescript checking that you might want any other tests that you want to check for any
commands that you have in your package.
Jason you can use to actually test to check out your script.
For example if you have a NPM test coverage you could add a coverage job here where it checks to make
sure that your test coverage is over let's say 80 percent.
And if it's not and if it falls below that well it's going to fail.
We can do so many things with it.
In here I'm just going to simply say check out and then give it a run command of just a simple echo
command that says you completely useless.
Like I said but now I can demonstrate something fun in the job seeker.
I'm going to rename this to something more useful like build
and lint because they react up won't let me NPM rumbled.
If the Lanting doesn't pass and for the jobs I'm going to say I want you to do the build job and I also
want you to do the test job but also I'm going to do something fun here I'm going to say that in here
the test job requires the high there
job to finish.
What does that mean.
Well now I tell it build and test are going to run in parallel.
Oh and let me fix that.
We want to do build Hi there.
Let me go over that.
So we have the jobs and we want to do build.
Hi there.
And the test Job.
However the test job requires the high there to succeed.
So what's going to happen is built and high there are going to run in parallel on two separate containers.
However the test which if we didn't add the Requires would have ran again in parallel all at the same
time on different containers.
Instead it requires the high there.
So until high there echoes Hello the test container cannot start.
And you can start to imagine the type of workflows that you can do with oh and i just realized that
here at high there we have to make sure that we say the Hucker image make sure we have that.
And these have to be the steps.
All right.
So now that we have this all set up make sure that everything looks nice and just making sure all our
indentation is right.
Like I said with YAML files it's really important that we actually have that.
We also want to make sure that that requires is indented properly like so again we'll save that.
Let's get out of here and create just to get status to make sure that we've made those changes.
I'm going to create a new branch called testing and in here we'll just get ad get to commit circle see-I
tasks and then finally get push origin testing.
Let's see if that works.
Let's go back.
There you go there's a request and we'll just say create poor Reclast.
All right look at that.
Hi there is running.
So now test is running and then build is running as well.
Let's go check out circle C.I. and see what it's doing.
We have our Roble friends testing and look at that.
We have the success that happened.
That is just echoing hello.
If we go back to the workflow over here we see that.
All right.
So hi there succeeded in one second.
And now it's running the test and all of them seemed to have passed test took 34 seconds build 40 seconds
if I click on it.
Yeah looks like everything passed.
Everything is good.
Going back to the builds I see that everything is passing.
If I go back and I refresh or weight or a little bit all checks have passed.
Everything is good merge poor request.
Now the interesting thing here is that this is going to fail every time I now make a poor request and
any of the tests or built fail.
For example let's say I want to create a new
component or let's say that in the counter BOTTEN component I'm going to change the initial state to
5.
I'm going to save.
And again I'm going to get checked out.
M. and then from here I'm just going to get checkout B.
I'm just going to give it to branch and I'm going to just get and get commit just a blank message.
And then get push origin who
oh I have to actually give it a command message let's try that again.
I'm going say who.
Now that's better.
Let's try that again.
And this request is going to fail because if Iran NPM test it's going to say your tests are not going
to pass because we have some tests that expect the state to be zero.
Very cool.
All right.
Let's take a break and I'm going to add one last step to our continuous integration in the next video.
Buh-Bye.